Ch. 1: Introduction 
  - Motivation
      Automated ethics allows us to build ethical artifically intelligent reasoners and 
      gives philsophers new tools for reasoning about ethics. I aim to faithfully automate a 
      sophisticated ethical theory to demonstrate the power of automated ethics.
  - System Components/Methods
    - Kantian ethics
        I choose to automate Kantian ethics, which presents three equivalent "formulations" 
        (equality-based, dignity-based, respect-based) of the unviolable rule of morality. I 
        will explain Kantian ethics to a complete philosophical beginner.
    - Logical background
        I use Carmo and Jones' Dyadic Deontic Logic. I will explain modal logic, deontic logic,
        and Carmo and Jones' DDL to a logical beginner. It may not be appropriate for a reader with zero
        logical familiarity.
    - Isabelle/HOL
        I will explain the choice of Isabelle/HOL and demonstrate basic syntax and proof 
        capabilities through my recreation of BFP's implementation of Carmo and Jones's DDL. 
  - My contributions 
      I contribute (1) an implementation of a naive formalization of the categorical imperative, (2) 
      an implementation of Kroy's formalization of the categorical imperative, (3) an implementation 
      of my own formalization that addresses gaps in (1) and (2), (4) a testing architecture for 
      evaluating an ethical formalization, (5) examples and methods for applying my implementations 
      to real-world ethical dilemmas, (6) implementation and analysis of Kant's argument that the three
      formulations of the categorical imperative are equal.

Ch. 2: Testing Previous Theories
  - Explaining and justifying my testing approach
    - Metaethical/logical tests
        These tests are proofs of theorems or demonstration of a sentence's consistency or inconsistency.
        They test metaethical properties of the system, like "does the system allow contradictory
        obligations" that may or may not be desirable.
    - Model specification tests
        These tests specify a model to encode specific background facts into the system. They demonstrate
        how the system can be used to reason about real world ethical dilemmas.
  - Testing the naive formulation
      I will apply the testing approach above to a naive formulation of the categorical 
      imperative.
      - Lessons Learned
        These lessons should inform my eventual formalization.
  - Testing Kroy's formulation
    - Formula of Universal Law
    - Formula of Humanity
      These sections apply the testing approach above to the two formalizations that Kroy presents, of the FUL
      and the FUH respectively. I will also include miscellaneous tests specific to Kroy's logic and 
      arguments.
    - Lessons Learned 
        These lessons should inform my eventual formalization.

Ch. 3: New Formalization
  - Goals 
      I will set explicit goals for my formalization based on the lessons learned above. These lessons 
      motivate the need for a new formalization.
  - Formalization
      I will present the logical components of my formalization, which may include a representation of agency,
      additional background axioms about the meaning of "obligated" or "prohibited," and axioms representing
      the categorical imperative itself.
  - Evaluation A
      I will apply the tests outlined in Chapter 2 to my new formalization, as well as any additional
      tests that may be formalization specific. The actual research process will be very iterative here -
      I will implement a formalization, apply the tests, and modify my formalization accordingly. Middle iterations
      may not make it into the thesis itself.

Ch. 4: Equivalence of the Three Formulations
  - Kant's argument for equivalence
      I will briefly present Kant's argument for the equivalence of the three formulations of the 
      categorical imperative. It is well known to be difficult and complex, so presenting it concisely 
      to a non-philosophical audiece will be a challenge.
  - Logical argument for equivalence 
      I will attempt to recreate Kant's proof of the equivalence of the three formulations. This attempt
      may fail! There may be room to repeat this analysis with the naive formalization and Kroy's formalization.
  - Philosophical analysis of success or failure of proof
      I will analyze my success or failure and whether it demonstrates a problem with my system or 
      a problem with Kant's. 

Ch. 5:  Applications
  - Motivation for applications
      Using the system to reason about ethical dilemmas demonstrates its power in contributing to artifical
      ethical reasoners. 
  - Specifying a model 
      I will briefly explain some challenges in specifying a model that have been presented before such as
      how much background information to include and how to encode this background information.
  - Example dilemmas 
      I will present examples of ethical dilemmas that the system can handle. TBD whether or not it's 
      worth including *additional* ethical dilemmas, versus simply analyzing the results of the tests from 
      chapter 3.
  - Evaluation
      This section will analyze the philosophical implications of the applications presented above to 
      determine if the system is performing ethical reasoning in any meaningful sense, or just repeating
      the facts I present to it.

Ch. 6: Discussion
  - Related Work
    I will present a brief literature review, starting from Leibnitz and moving to Benzmueller, Parent, and Farjami.
  - Conclusions
    This section will largely be informed by the findings in Chapters 3-5.
  - Future Work
    I will presents doors that my approach opens, other ethical theories that may be exciting candidates 
    for formalization, what is left to do to make the implementation usable, and alternative logics
    beyond DDL.